Docs 8971 features by tier (#144)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

See xref:api-functional-monitoring::afm-in-anypoint-platform.adoc[API Functional Monitoring in Anypoint Monitoring].

== Anypoint Monitoring Features

Anypoint Monitoring is the standard method of monitoring Mule application and API performance, logging, and troubleshooting to reduce the mean time to identify and resolve issues. While all customers receive fundamental monitoring capabilities with their subscription, the Titanium tier offers greater storage, guaranteed resources, and advanced capabilities that allow for greater control and flexibility.

|===
| Feature | Gold/Platinum subscription features | Titanium subscription features

> 3+| *Built-in Application Dashboards*

Author: ```suggestion
|*Custom Metrics*
|No
|Yes

3+| *Built-in Application Dashboards*
```

See xref:api-functional-monitoring::afm-in-anypoint-platform.adoc[API Functional Monitoring in Anypoint Monitoring].

== Anypoint Monitoring Features

Anypoint Monitoring is the standard method of monitoring Mule application and API performance, logging, and troubleshooting to reduce the mean time to identify and resolve issues. While all customers receive fundamental monitoring capabilities with their subscription, the Titanium tier offers greater storage, guaranteed resources, and advanced capabilities that allow for greater control and flexibility.

|===
| Feature | Gold/Platinum subscription features | Titanium subscription features

> 

Author: ```suggestion

|Dedicated infrastructure for data processing and storage
|No
|Yes

```

|No
|Yes

|Flows charts
|No
|Yes

|Connectors charts
|No
|Yes

|Anypoint Visualizer Application Network integration
|No
|Yes

|xref:monitoring::performance-and-impact.adoc#data-retention-and-aggregation[Data retention] for more than 30 days
|No
|Yes

3+| *Built-in API Dashboards*

|16 out-of-the-box charts for metrics covering the following categories: Overview, Requests, Failures, Performance, Client Application 
|Yes
|Yes

|xref:monitoring::performance-and-impact.adoc#data-retention-and-aggregation[Data retention] for more than 30 days
|No
|Yes

3+| *Custom Dashboards*

|Basic mode
|Yes
|Yes

|Advanced mode
|Yes, with limited functionality
|Yes

|Advanced mode with additional features
|No
|Yes

3+| *Alerts*

|Basic alerts
|Yes
|Yes, with xref:performance-and-impact.adoc#data-retention-and-aggregation[higher limits]

|Advanced alerts
|No
|Yes

3+| *Log Management*

|Log search
|No
|Yes

|Log points
|No
|Yes

|Raw data
|No
|Yes

3+| *Additional Anypoint Monitoring features*

|Anypoint Monitoring Archive API
|No
|Yes

|Functional Monitoring
|Yes
|Yes

|*Reports*
|No
|Yes

|Dedicated infrastructure for data processing and storage
|No

> |Yes

Author: ```suggestion
```

See xref:api-functional-monitoring::afm-in-anypoint-platform.adoc[API Functional Monitoring in Anypoint Monitoring].

== Anypoint Monitoring Features

> Anypoint Monitoring is the standard method of monitoring Mule application performance, logging, and troubleshooting to reduce the mean time to identify and resolve issues. While all customers receive fundamental monitoring capabilities with their subscription, the Titanium tier offers greater storage, guaranteed resources, and advanced capabilities that allow for greater control and flexibility.

Author: ```suggestion
Anypoint Monitoring is the standard method of monitoring Mule application and API performance, logging, and troubleshooting to reduce the mean time to identify and resolve issues. While all customers receive fundamental monitoring capabilities with their subscription, the Titanium tier offers greater storage, guaranteed resources, and advanced capabilities that allow for greater control and flexibility.
```

|===
| Feature | Gold/Platinum subscription features | Titanium subscription features

3+| *Built-in Application Dashboards*

> |More than 80 out-of-the-box charts covering metrics in the following categories: Overview, Inbound, Outbound, Performance, Failures, JVM, Infrastructure

Author: ```suggestion
|Dedicated infrastructure for data processing and storage
|No
|Yes

|More than 80 out-of-the-box charts covering metrics in the following categories: Overview, Inbound, Outbound, Performance, Failures, JVM, Infrastructure
```

|Yes
|Yes

> |Advanced metrics for Overview, Inbound, Outbound, Performance, Failures, JVM, and Infrastructure charts

Author: No advanced metrics for overview, JVM, and infrastructure.

Author: ```suggestion
|Advanced metrics for Inbound and Outbound charts
```

|No
|Yes

|Flows charts
|No
|Yes

|Connectors charts
|No
|Yes

> |Application Network integration

Author: ```suggestion
|Anypoint Visualizer Application Network integration
```

|No
|Yes

|xref:monitoring::performance-and-impact.adoc#data-retention-and-aggregation[Data retention] for more than 30 days
|No
|Yes

3+| *Built-in API Dashboards*

|16 out-of-the-box charts for metrics covering the following categories: Overview, Requests, Failures, Performance, Client Application 
|Yes
|Yes

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

|xref:monitoring::performance-and-impact.adoc#data-retention-and-aggregation[Data retention] for more than 30 days
|No
|Yes

3+| *Custom Dashboards*

|Basic mode
|Yes
|Yes

|Advanced mode
|Yes, with limited functionality
|Yes

|Advanced mode with additional features
|No
|Yes

3+| *Alerts*

|Basic alerts
|Yes
|Yes, with xref:performance-and-impact.adoc#data-retention-and-aggregation[higher limits]

|Advanced alerts
|No
|Yes

3+| *Log Management*

|Log search
|No
|Yes

|Log points
|No
|Yes

|Raw data
|No
|Yes

3+| *Additional Anypoint Monitoring features*

|Anypoint Monitoring Archive API
|No
|Yes

> |Functional Monitoring

Author: ```suggestion
|*Functional Monitoring*
```

Author: Not part of AM - should this be removed?

|Yes
|Yes

> |Reports

Author: ```suggestion
|*Reports*
```

|No
|Yes

> 
> |Dedicated infrastructure for data processing and storage
> |No
> |Yes

Author: ```suggestion
```

|===

> == See Also

Author: API Functional Monitoring is not included when you use Anypoint Monitoring - might be worth mentioning this to the user in this chart, especially since we don't own it. Link to their docs.

See xref:api-functional-monitoring::afm-in-anypoint-platform.adoc[API Functional Monitoring in Anypoint Monitoring].

== Anypoint Monitoring Features

Anypoint Monitoring is the standard method of monitoring Mule application performance, logging, and troubleshooting to reduce the mean time to identify and resolve issues. While all customers receive fundamental monitoring capabilities with their subscription, the Titanium tier offers greater storage, guaranteed resources, and advanced capabilities that allow for greater control and flexibility.

|===
| Feature | Gold/Platinum subscription features | Titanium subscription features

3+| *Built-in Application Dashboards*

> | More than 80 out-of-the-box metrics for Overview, Inbound, Outbound, Performance, Failures, JVM, and Infrastructure charts

Author: ```suggestion
| More than 80 out-of-the-box charts covering metrics in the following categories:
* Overview
* Inbound
* Outbound
* Performance
* Failures
* JVM
* Infrastructure

```

| Yes
| Yes

| Advanced metrics for Overview, Inbound, Outbound, Performance, Failures, JVM, and Infrastructure charts
| No
| Yes

| Flows charts
| No
| Yes

| Connectors charts
| No
| Yes

| Application Network integration
| No
| Yes

> | Custom metrics
> | No
> | Yes
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

| xref:monitoring::performance-and-impact.adoc#data-retention-and-aggregation[Data retention] for more than 30 days
| No
| Yes

3+| *Built-in API Dashboards*

| Overview charts
| Yes
| Yes

> | Raw events
> | No
> | Yes

Author: ```suggestion
```

| xref:monitoring::performance-and-impact.adoc#data-retention-and-aggregation[Data retention] for more than 30 days
| No
| Yes

3+| *Custom Dashboards*

| Basic mode
| Yes
| Yes

| Advanced mode

> | Yes

Author: ```suggestion
| Yes, with limited functionality
```

| Yes

> | Advanced mode Alert tab

Author: ```suggestion
| Advanced mode with additional features
```

| No
| Yes

3+| *Alerts*

| Basic alerts
| Yes
| Yes, with xref:performance-and-impact.adoc#data-retention-and-aggregation[higher limits]

| Advanced alerts
| No
| Yes

3+| *Logs*

| Log search
| No
| Yes

| Log points
| No
| Yes

| Raw data
| No
| Yes

3+| *Additional Anypoint Monitoring features*

| Anypoint Monitoring Archive API
| No
| Yes

| Functional Monitoring
| Yes
| Yes

| Reports
| No
| Yes

> 

Author: ```suggestion

| Dedicated infrastructure for data processing and storage
| No
| Yes

```

|===

> 

Reviewer: @sarathecoubian A major part of Titanium is dedicated infrastructure. Let's add something like `Dedicated infrastructure for data processing and storage'. It's a big selling point for Titnaium.

Author: Added.

See xref:api-functional-monitoring::afm-in-anypoint-platform.adoc[API Functional Monitoring in Anypoint Monitoring].

== Anypoint Monitoring Features

Anypoint Monitoring is the standard method of monitoring Mule application and API performance so that you can more quickly identify and resolve issues. While all customers receive fundamental monitoring capabilities with their subscriptions, customers subscribing at the Titanium tier receive greater storage, guaranteed resources, and advanced capabilities that allow for greater control and flexibility.

|===
| Feature | Gold and Platinum Subscription Features | Titanium Subscription Features

> 

Reviewer 2: Why is "Features" repeated in the subscription columns?

See xref:api-functional-monitoring::afm-in-anypoint-platform.adoc[API Functional Monitoring in Anypoint Monitoring].

== Anypoint Monitoring Features

> Anypoint Monitoring is the standard method of monitoring Mule application and API performance, logging, and troubleshooting to reduce the mean time to identify and resolve issues. While all customers receive fundamental monitoring capabilities with their subscription, the Titanium tier offers greater storage, guaranteed resources, and advanced capabilities that allow for greater control and flexibility.

Reviewer 3: Not sure about "monitoring to reduce": the monitoring doesn't reduce, but monitoring can help identify areas that need user attention earlier than waiting for an error or issue to identify them....

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Anypoint Monitoring is the standard method of monitoring Mule application and API performance so that you can more quickly identify and resolve issues. While all customers receive fundamental monitoring capabilities with their subscriptions, customers subscribing at the Titanium tier receive greater storage, guaranteed resources, and advanced capabilities that allow for greater control and flexibility.
```

> |===

Reviewer 3: Table column headings use title-style caps.

Author: Changed :)

> | Feature | Gold/Platinum subscription features | Titanium subscription features

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Feature | Gold and Platinum Subscription Features | Titanium Subscription Features
```

|Dedicated infrastructure for data processing and storage
|No
|Yes

> |Custom Metrics

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|Custom metrics
```

|No
|Yes

3+| *Built-in Application Dashboards*

> |More than 80 out-of-the-box charts covering metrics in the following categories: Overview, Inbound, Outbound, Performance, Failures, JVM, Infrastructure

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|More than 80 out-of-the-box charts covering metrics in the following categories: Overview, Inbound, Outbound, Performance, Failures, JVM, and Infrastructure
```

|Yes
|Yes

|Advanced metrics for Inbound and Outbound charts
|No
|Yes

|Flows charts
|No
|Yes

|Connectors charts
|No
|Yes

> |Anypoint Visualizer Application Network integration

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|Anypoint Visualizer application network integration
```

|No
|Yes

|xref:monitoring::performance-and-impact.adoc#data-retention-and-aggregation[Data retention] for more than 30 days
|No
|Yes

3+| *Built-in API Dashboards*

> |16 out-of-the-box charts for metrics covering the following categories: Overview, Requests, Failures, Performance, Client Application 

Reviewer 3: Reworded to be parallel to peer table entry earlier
```suggestion
|16 out-of-the-box charts covering metrics in the following categories: Overview, Requests, Failures, Performance, and Client Application 
```

|Yes
|Yes

|xref:monitoring::performance-and-impact.adoc#data-retention-and-aggregation[Data retention] for more than 30 days
|No
|Yes

3+| *Custom Dashboards*

|Basic mode
|Yes
|Yes

|Advanced mode
|Yes, with limited functionality
|Yes

|Advanced mode with additional features
|No
|Yes

3+| *Alerts*

|Basic alerts
|Yes
|Yes, with xref:performance-and-impact.adoc#data-retention-and-aggregation[higher limits]

|Advanced alerts
|No
|Yes

3+| *Log Management*

|Log search
|No
|Yes

|Log points
|No
|Yes

|Raw data
|No
|Yes

3+| *Additional Anypoint Monitoring features*

|Anypoint Monitoring Archive API
|No
|Yes

|xref:api-functional-monitoring[API Functional Monitoring] +

> Note that API Functional Monitoring is not part of Anypoint Monitoring.

Reviewer 3: Style Ref. has this:
The UI for API Functional Monitoring is the Functional Monitoring feature of Anypoint Monitoring.
Is this incorrect?

Reviewer: @sarathecoubian  Let's not say Functional Monitoring is not part of Anypoint Monitoring. It's very confusing to the customers as the feature is linked in Anypoint Monitoring, and it should be part of Anypoint Monitoring. If the doc is written elsewhere, I suggest we deal with that separately. I'd like to see the doc moved over to Anypoint Monitoring. Again, we can deal with that seprately.

Author: ```suggestion
```

See xref:api-functional-monitoring::afm-in-anypoint-platform.adoc[API Functional Monitoring in Anypoint Monitoring].

== Anypoint Monitoring Features

> Anypoint Monitoring provides many features to Gold and Platinum subscribers. However, for more comprehensive monitoring services, Titanium subscribers receive additional charts and functionality.

Reviewer: We need to talk about Titanium in a more enticing way, and should be aligned with our marketing message. There are quite a few Bloomfire marketing materials that was included in the trust plan doc, please incorporate the materials here. As an example, we should use words like "advanced" when describing Titanium. 

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YNMX7kAVl2YCLO_hfx2Rlf5SmHV1gk9O0CH5tJ2RmPQ/edit#

Reviewer 4: Anypoint Monitoring is the standard method of monitoring Mule application performance, logging, and troubleshooting to reduce the mean time to identify issues and resolve them. While all customers receive fundamental monitoring capabilities with their subscription, the Titanium tier offers greater storage, single-tenancy and advanced capabilities that allows for greater control and flexibility.

Reviewer 5: Don't use the word "single-tenancy".  Rather use the word "guaranteed resources".  Single tenancy is only used in some parts of the system such as storage.  Other parts of the system is not single tenanted.  As an example, we do not use single tenancy for alert processing, UX, etc. for Titanium.

Author: ```suggestion
Anypoint Monitoring is the standard method of monitoring Mule application performance, logging, and troubleshooting to reduce the mean time to identify issues and resolve them. While all customers receive fundamental monitoring capabilities with their subscription, the Titanium tier offers greater storage, guaranteed resources, and advanced capabilities that allow for greater control and flexibility.
```

|===

> | Feature | Gold/Platinum Support | Titanium Support

Reviewer: Gold / Plat / Titanium are subscription tiers. Let's standardize with the rest of the doc on how we talk about these tiers. Let's not introduce "Support" when describing tiers.

> 3+| *Built-in Application Dashboards*

Reviewer: For built-in dashboards, instead of listing out every tab, I'd like to suggest talking about the 80+ out-of-the-box metrics covering the following categories: Overview, Inbound, Outbound, Performance, Failure, JVM, Infrastructure. For Titanium, there are additional advanced metrics in those categories, plus new categories for Flows, Connectors, and Application Network.

Author: Added.

Reviewer: Sorry I changed my mind regarding word usage. Let's say "....80+ out-of-the-box charts covering metrics in the following categories..."

| Overview charts
| Yes
| Yes

| Inbound charts
| Yes
| Yes, with 3 additional charts

| Outbound charts
| Yes
| Yes, with 4 additional charts

| Flows charts
| No
| Yes

| Connectors charts
| No
| Yes

| Performance charts
| Yes
| Yes

| Failures charts
| Yes
| Yes

| JVM charts
| Yes
| Yes, with 1 additional chart

| Infrastructure charts
| Yes
| Yes, with 3 additional charts

| Application Network integration
| No
| Yes

| Custom metrics
| No
| Yes

| Data retention for more than 30 days
| No
| Yes

3+| *Built-in API Dashboards*

> | Overview charts

Author: ```suggestion
| 16 out-of-the-box charts for metrics covering Overview, Requests, Failures, Performance, and Client Application categories
```

| Yes
| Yes

| Raw events
| No
| Yes

| Data retention for more than 30 days
| No
| Yes

3+| *Custom Dashboards*

| Basic mode
| Yes
| Yes

| Advanced mode
| Yes
| Yes

| Advanced mode Alert tab
| No
| Yes

3+| *Alerts*

| Basic alerts
| Yes
| Yes, with higher limits

| Advanced alerts
| No
| Yes

> 3+| *Logs*

Author: ```suggestion
3+| *Log Management*
```
